okay so it's a special moment over at
the Ortiz house no not the twins but
baby as me Stephanie is going home to
her mommy um so I just wanted to show
her mommy what she was going home with
we went do it this morning I had to
change your theme last minute cuz why
does this happen to me i buy clothes and
they have a stain on him
so yeah just doesn't work anyway so
she's got a little Al theme this morning
and this is a newborn sleeper and like I
said she is close to 19 inches she's a
smaller newborn her kik called for 18
inches but I got her an 18 19 inch body
so and she's very she's very cuddly so
she's got this little sleeper it's just
gonna go home with and then the little
bow and then I got her this cute 3-piece
set that one says daddy's girl
little aisle on the bud and a little
aisle on the onesie and I got her a
matching headband and then she's gonna
I'm sitting these three peacock on his
diapers with her tunics and their double
pacifier cuz the way her you'll notice
the way her her cheeks are out further
than her mouth so the Nick actually
doesn't even touch her faceook right
here in the middle so if you've got a
double pacifier then the Nick sits on
her nicely so yeah and then so and then
I grabbed this al blanket that matches
her theme and she's just all themed up
and she's ready to go home to her mommy
and I have time to got a print of her
certificate and then I'm gonna take her
to the post today so hopefully you
should have her on Monday so thank you
jazzy for being an amazing customer I
really enjoyed creating as many and
thank you as well as giving Stephanie
her middle name after me really means a
lot to me and I hope you enjoy your baby
girl
and as always guys thank you for
watching my channel